This document is a summary of the rules governing the dissemination of
the "FLASH Code" by the Flash Center for Computational Science
(hereafter, "we", "us" or the "Center") to users outside the Center, and
constitutes the License Agreement for users of the FLASH Code. Users
are responsible for following all of the applicable rules described
below. 

1.  Public Release. Publicly released versions of the FLASH Code
are available via the Center's website. We expect to include any
external contributions to the Code in public releases that occur after
the end of a negotiated time. 

2. Decision Process. At present, release of the FLASH Code to users
not located at the University of Chicago or at Argonne National
Laboratory is governed solely by the Center's Director and
Management Committee; decisions related to public release of the FLASH
Code will be made in the same manner. 

3. License and Distribution Rights. The University of Chicago owns the
copyright to all Code developed by the members of the Flash Center at
the University of Chicago.  External contributors may choose to be
included in the Copyright Assertion. The FLASH Code, or any part of
the code, can only be released and distributed by the Flash Center;
individual users of the FLASH Code are not free to re-distribute the
FLASH Code, or any of its components, outside the Center.  All users
of the FLASH Code must sign a hardcopy version of this License
Agreement and send it to the Center.  Distribution of the FLASH Code
can only occur once we receive a signed License Agreement. 

4. Modifications and Acknowledgments.  Users may make modifications to
the FLASH Code, and they are encouraged to send such modifications to
the Center. Users are not free to distribute the FLASH Code to others,
as noted in Section 3 above. As resources permit, we will incorporate
such modifications in subsequent releases of the FLASH Code, and we
will acknowledge these external contributions. Note that modifications
that do not make it into an officially-released version of the FLASH
Code will not be supported by us.  

If a user modifies a copy or copies of the FLASH Code or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the FLASH Code, to be included in
a FLASH release it must meet the following conditions: 

a)The software must carry prominent notices stating that the user
changed specified portions of the FLASH Code. This will also assist us
in clearly identifying the portions of the FLASH Code that the user
has contributed. 

b)The software must display the following acknowledgement: "This
product includes software developed by and/or derived from the Flash
Center for Computational Science (http://flash.uchicago.edu) to which
the U.S. Government retains certain rights."   

c)The FLASH Code header section, which describes the origins of the
FLASH Code and of its components, must remain intact, and should be
included in all modified versions of the code. Furthermore, all
publications resulting from the use of the FLASH Code, or any modified
version or portion of the FLASH Code, must acknowledge the Flash
Center for Computational Science; addition of the following text to
the paper acknowledgments will be sufficient:  

"The software used in this work was developed in part by the DOE NNSA ASC- and DOE Office of Science ASCR-supported Flash Center for Computational Science at the University of Chicago."

The Code header provides information on software that has been
utilized as part of the FLASH development effort (such as the
AMR). The Center website includes a list of key scientific journal
references for the FLASH Code.  We request that such references be
included in the reference section of any papers based on the FLASH
Code. 

5. Commercial Use. All users interested in commercial use of the FLASH
Code must obtain prior written approval from the Director of the
Center.   Use of the FLASH Code, or any modification thereof, for
commercial purposes is not permitted otherwise. 

6. Bug Fixes and New Releases. As part of the FLASH Code dissemination
process, the Center has set up and will maintain as part of its
website mechanisms for announcing new FLASH Code releases, collecting
requests for FLASH Code use, and collecting and disseminating relevant
documentation. We support the user community through mailing lists and
by providing a bug report facility. 

7. User Feedback. The Center requests that all users of the FLASH Code
notify the Center about all publications that incorporate results
based on the use of the code, or modified versions of the code or its
components.  All such information can be sent to
info@flash.uchicago.edu. 

8. Disclaimer. The FLASH Code was prepared, in part, as an account of
work sponsored by an agency of the United States Government.  
THE FLASH CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND NEITHER THE UNITED STATES, NOR
THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO, NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THE FLASH CODE, NOR
ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES OR CONTRACTORS, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE), OR ASSUMES ANY
LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS
DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY
OWNED RIGHTS. 

In NO EVENT WILL THE UNITED STATES, THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO OR ANY
CONTRIBUTORS TO THE FLASH CODE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
EXERCISE OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE. 
